Move empty cookie-name and empty cookie-value check from 5.3 to 5.4 (#1236)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-rfc6265bis.md

   an informative reference:
   <https://github.com/httpwg/http-extensions/issues/1159>.

## draft-ietf-httpbis-rfc6265bis-07

> *  Moved instruction to ignore cookies with empty cookie-name and cookie-value
>    from section 5.3 to 5.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Moved instruction to ignore cookies with empty cookie-name and cookie-value
   from {{set-cookie}} to {{storage-model}} to ensure that they apply to cookies
   created without parsing a cookie string.
```

Author: Done.
